I said you can't
Just don't believe it
Boy, you have to know what kind of power you are provoking
Your power is in my eyes
Not worth mentioning at all
Alang, I'm going to call Master Ghost
They went to call someone
Let's just go.
Don't be afraid.
Just a bunch of ants
Don't say that.
I've heard of Nan Gui Ye and Bei Tian Ge
They are all ruthless people in the underworld
Even children don't dare to cry when they hear it
It's okay, my life
Hit a ruthless person
You kid is still talking hard
When this ghost comes, you will know how powerful it is
I'm waiting, Ghost
What's wrong?
Ghost, you are finally here
That's the guy.
He said he wants to touch you
If you touch me, you will kill him. What?
It's what you want to do
Dragon Lord